pasco promoted to the second division
then returned to the third it kind of
been easy for the club or the funds but
they started well last week taking
maximum points at Bradford and relaxing
again last night against oak city where
some familiar faces were on parade
here's Clive Tulsa as we all know only
too well saying football is now a young
man's game seniors like Mickey Thomas
and Alan Ball belong on the sidelines
with the rest of us but Thomas has
always been the exception to football's
rules the game's oldest teenager still
going strong with Stoke City oh yeah
well everyone's Kate make about me he's
oh god I can't keep laughing they get
cold a normal man you're going down at
wing I'm young boomstick how long are
you going to go on well I'm looking to
play yeah all this tell me Matthews it
was 50 you've gotta go for it be wrong
if I can Stoke City are just one of 10
famous clubs who caught a bout of
Mickey's infectious enthusiasm but an
early penalty award for Tranmere last
night was enough to wipe the smile off
even his face and Paul against Paul
where
not the last harsh decision of the night
either tranmere's Ian your scores goals
for fun penalties are just target
practice to him
but Stoke aren't planning to hang around
it's only their second ever season in
the third division Tony Ellis with a
head and hope Mickey Thomas adding the
celebrations they were in front by
halftime a second penalty just before
the break settled in his time tranmere's
mark McCarrick was judged guilty of the
slider pan well they say the decisions
even out eventually Mick Kennedy and
other of Alan Ball summer signings did
been necessary to one the final score
Thomas's legs didn't quite see out the
night he spent a final court minutes of
the sign of his manager after being
no substitute for their experience
whatever the division Paul and Thomas
approving a winning combination well you
know where it says as a hitter he still
my hero as a young boy but probably
saying now about me you know because he
played when he was 38 need to give me a
lot of experiment and it's helping me
you can see that passion without you on
the bench in the last couple of minutes
yeah well he's football CAF is going on
I think that's the way that their you
gotta love this game to be still in it
and that's why I'm still playing up
these six